BEGIN HERE TO CREATE A NEW GUIDE
1) Add the ebird regions that your guide will contain. Manually or use run_get_eibrd_regions.py
2) Make sure the country or countries that your guide's regions are in has a World Region associated with it. 
3) Using Access Database, add your guide to the guides table selecting the regions. If your guide has an Exotic Birding area that matches your guide add that name to the guides table.

BEGIN HERE TO ONLY REFRESH A GUIDE WITH NEW EBIRD DATA...
3) run_refresh_ebird_exotic_data.py (pulls all the data from ebird (and exotic website if applicable).
4) check error tables for Exotic and Ebird, fix all taxonomic errors before proceeding. 
5) run_process_exotic_errors.py if necessary
6) run_update_guides.py (adds the data from ebird and exotic raw data to the birds guides table)
7) run_refresh_ebird_abundance.py (creates abundance strings in BirdsGuides and BirdsRegionsAbdundance using raw abundance data and updates Difficulty ID)
8) run_update_todos.py (creates lists of the birds new to the database that will need images and audio files)

ONLY COMPLETE 6-10 IF PREVIOUS STEPS RESULT IN NEW BIRDS W/O IMAGES OR AUDIO
6) Create all the images and put finished raw images into local Sources directory. Name them per the csv file using cut/paste.  Append the Artist after an underscore. 
7) Create all the audio files using the blank templates with the bird name. Put them into the Utilities directory.
8) run_process_audio_files.py (fixes apostrophes from drive download and checks names moves them to Audio Finished directory)
9) run_process_photo_files (optimized the images and moves them to Optimized directory)
9.5) move the photo and audio files into the directories: Bird Photos and Bird Guides
10) Using the Access database and Birds of the World website, for the new birds, add the description data (habitat, conservation status,etc...)

CONTINUE HERE FOR REFRESH
11) Using the Access database review all the birds in the guide to ensure accurate guide data (residency, endemic, target)
SUPER GUIDE SETTINGS:  WHICH SUPERGUIES TO REFRESH TAGS AND UPLOAD, SET GUIDES IN SUPERGUIDES
GUIDE REGIONS SETTINGS:  WHICH GUIDES WILL SHOW UP IN THE DESCRIPTION
12) run_embed_tags (add all the meta data to the audio file and uploads files to drive per the super guide settings.)
13) Manually upload the changed files in Bird Guide directory to the Superguide directory after deleting and recreating the that directory
14) Run the DriveSync application on your phone to refresh you local directory.
15) run_refresh_playlists then manually upload
16) Download the appropriate playlists. If you added birds to the guide you will need to delete the old playlists and add the new ones.


Import Media Data:
Download CSV from McCauley Library with all types of media.
Remove unused Columns form CSV File and resave as CSV (only 18 columns being used, match to Media table)
DB, tasks, Import Flat File, Flat File source, select file, preview (check data quality), Modify Columns (match the Media
table types and lengths, and make all allow Null, run....
execute the stored procedure sp_update_media
delete the table "media_temp"


3001 (B.Throat Bee), 258 (S.T. Drong C), and 379 (L.B. Crow) all removed from Birds Guides (except Palawan SQ DrongC) and Exotic checklists
2995 (B.B dward kingf) also ditto